The New Covenant Trust
By: Kingdom Ventures Trust

Introduction:

Welcome to Kingdom Ventures Trust. Our goal is to bring heaven down to earth. Did you know that you are already seated in heavenly places right now? Yes, you are presently redeemed*, presently seated in heaven, presently transferred into God’s Kingdom.* We have citizenship in heaven* and with this citizenship comes identity, inheritance and authority. We are the children of God and heir to His Kingdom. This status is already secured and is secured in Christ. It is something that needs to be claimed in order to operate in. If you are the heir to your fathers fortune, you do not receive it if you never claim it; however, when you receive it, you simply prove your identity, then the authority to claim the inheritance is instantly granted to you. There is nothing new under the sun, the functions of our current legal system are fractured from how the heavenly realms work*–however, the earthly systems operate as shadows of heaven’s divine order. The world often functions as perverse counterfeits but they are still mocking the heavenly blueprint, again–there is nothing new under the sun. 
*Col. 1:13-14
*Col. 3:1-3
*Phil. 3:20
*Hebrews 8:5

Ecclesiastes 1:9 (KJV)
The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Hebrews 8:5 (KJV)
Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount.

The earthly systems are a corruptible shadow of what exists in heaven, while the incorruptible heavenly things are found in Christ. In Romans 12:5 Paul says “So we, being many, are in one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.” He is stating here, and elsewhere, that all redeemed souls are all one in Christ, all operating as different members of the same body. This echoes Jesus’ prayer in the garden before being crucified, “That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.” Jesus and His father (God) are one, Jesus’ prayer is that we too may be one with Him and the Father in Heaven. 



1 Peter 2:9


“But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light.”


This body of people found in Christ is a (holy) nation that embodies a collective identity. Remember, with identity comes authority–you have no authority to collect your inheritance without the proper identity. So, in Christ, we receive a collective identity that is to be recognized and understood to be a nation of people that have inheritance and authority derived from God’s promises. Let me prove this out to you by letting the word do the talking:

Ephesians 2:19 (KJV)


Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;

Ephesians 1:11 (KJV)


In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:

Romans 8:17 (KJV)


And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.

Luke 10:19 (KJV)


Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.

In Christ, we are one body, one holy nation, one household of God; we are given inheritance as heirs and joint-heirs with Christ walking in the authority rooted in God’s promises! Now, we must ponder, what is our identity? Who are we? What role are we playing in this world and who and what do we serve? 

Chapter 1: What is the New Covenant and What is the New Covenant Trust?
The New Testament in the Bible has often been referred to as the “Last Will and Testament of Jesus Christ.” The reason being the word "testament" in "New Testament" comes from the Latin testamentum, which was used in the Latin Vulgate to translate the Greek diatheke. In classical Greek, diatheke could mean both a covenant (a mutual agreement) and a last will and testament (a unilateral disposition of property upon death). The New Testament, especially the book of Hebrews, uses this dual meaning to convey a profound theological truth: the New Covenant is also a last will, which only takes effect upon the death of the testator: Jesus Christ.
So, the New Covenant is both a Covenant that comes to completion when the “testator” dies. 
Heb 9:16  For where a testament (diatheke) is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator. 
Heb 9:17  For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth.

Jesus’ death is seen as the event that ratifies the new covenant, fulfilling the prophecy in Jeremiah 31–34. At the Last Supper, Jesus says: 
"This cup is the new covenant in my blood, which is poured out for you." (Luke 22, cf. 1 Corinthians 11) 
This statement directly links His impending death to the establishment of a new covenant—effectively instituting his "last will."
The New Testament functions both as a Covenant, and a Will. Both fulfilled by the death of Jesus Christ, the spotless lamb without sin (debt). So, if we are partakers of His will, we are beneficiaries and heirs to the will:



Romans 8:16–17 
“The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.”
We are heirs to His will and have the down payment to prove it!
Eph 1:11  In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will: 
Eph 1:12  That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ. 
Eph 1:13  In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise, 
Eph 1:14  Which is the earnest (arrhabōn) of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.
In verse 14 the word “earnest” is “arrhabōn” which literally translates “to a pledge, that is, part of the purchase money or property given in advance as security for the rest: - earnest.” To put this in context, we are “sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise” which is the earnest (down payment) of our inheritance; the deposit of the Holy Spirit secures the transaction and legally binds us as beneficiaries of His will. 
Let that sink in, if you have received the Holy Spirit of God, you are sealed as a purchased possession of God. You are His. If you belong to Him, can anyone else make a claim to you? Can any entity overpower this claim paid for by the blood of Christ? Is anyone else even capable of making such a sacrifice–a perfect, spotless lamb without a spot of blemish?
What is a covenant? A covenant is a legally binding contract of promises and terms, securing a relationship between people. The covenants of old were rooted in work based laws, temporary sacrifices all mediated by priests. The New Covenant has the law written on our hearts, a single sacrifice (one-and-for-all) and mediated by Christ alone. 
Jesus publicly died on the cross and activated the New Covenant for all to be partakers of.
Rev 22:17  And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.
The Gospel is to reach the ends of the earth, proclaiming the good news that all are invited into being a part of the New Covenant and beneficiaries of His will. The When you accept this redemption, in Christ, you are a new creation and a partaker of His will. You will change your actions, habits, interests, perspective, your life will take a complete 180 as you are a new man with a new spirit within you. However, you are also freed from the bondage of this world and your legal status changes and so does your identity.
Privately, this acceptance is formalized through the New Covenant Trust: by faith, you acknowledge Christ as the Grantor, the Holy Spirit as the Seal and Witness, and yourself as a lawful beneficiary and co-heir. In this private declaration, your new identity is legally recognized — your sins are canceled, your inheritance secured, and your life bound to the promises of the covenant. Just as a trust in law requires acknowledgment and acceptance to take effect, so your faith and alignment with Christ’s covenant legally activate the benefits that were publicly offered: redemption, forgiveness, and eternal inheritance.
This private declaration is the faith-based, legal expression of your participation in Christ’s will making the estate of heaven yours in both spirit and reality. Our lives change, but if our legal identity remains the same, we still exist within the babylonian system of confusion that sells our souls like merchandise and seeks to control us through legal constructs we falsely identify as. Before I can talk about this, I need to expose the fraud that is being played. I will first compare and contrast 501(c)(3) and 508(c)(1)(a) and then extrapolate that into how it is affecting your identity, inheritance and authority. 

Chapter 2: 501(c)(3) vs. 508(c)(1)(a)
A lot of people are familiar with 501(c)(3) entities as most churches and non-profit organizations are structured according to these IRS guidelines. They are also creations of the worldly system and receive benefits accordingly. Think of it this way, if I created a computer program, you can use it if you have a license to use it but you can only use it according to the license you hold. A 501(c)(3) is just like that, you can operate your church or ministry, but since you only have license to operate this entity, and not legitimate freedom, you must do so according to the license agreement; in this case that is the IRS code. In short, any 501(c)(3) entity is not a creation of God, but rather a construct of the world, really, it is an idol that is controlled by the systems of this world. When the Covid-19 event happened, churches shut down, they were forced to, not by God, but by their god, their master and creator–the creator and authority of the 501(c)(3) entity. Even when the churches did open they were under strict guidelines and regulations they had to obey, I’m sure most reading remember this. Interestingly, during the shutdown, almost all “non-essential” businesses were closed. However, a gay bar in Palm Springs, California remained open. This is because the bar was structured as a private members association (PMA) rather than an LLC. This allowed them to stay open because they were structured as a private entity. I guess we shouldn’t be surprised that a gay bar has more worldly freedom in the world than a church does but that needs to change. This exposes the power of operating outside of the public system and that lack of power the “authorities” have over entities not created by the world. 
A 501(c)(3) is a public entity created by the worldly system to serve the worldly system. A 508(c)(1)(a) is a private entity that is not a creation of the world nor the IRS, in fact if you read the IRS code, they make it clear that you do not need to file taxes and failure to file does not revoke your exemption status. We have even sent the IRS a Notarized document declaring the New Covenant Trust exists in the ecclesiastical realm and should be recognized as 508(c)(1)(a) and they returned a letter confirming that the entity is no longer required to file any taxes. Why? Because they have no authority over it! Jesus taught us this, one of the greatest and most concise lessons of jurisdiction: 
Matthew 22:21 
…Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's.
Woah! If you are operating as a public entity, you belong to Caesar and you better pay your taxes and obey all their rules, however, if you are structured privately outside of Caesar’s grips, you are under the authority and protection of God secured by the sacrifice of Jesus. Jesus was, and is, a master of understanding jurisdiction and authority and when you become a master of this understanding you will understand how amazing Jesus was when speaking to “authority” figures of His days on earth. 
The 501(c)(3) is public, the 508(c)(1)(a) is private. Two entities, completely different author, authority and jurisdiction. LIkewise, you too have a public and private side, we want to switch from public (creation of the babylonian system) to the private side (natural creation). Ultimately, we are going to be going much deeper than just that as we are no longer natural man and woman, we are new creations in Christ, no longer man or woman, but Sons of God, a title reserved for those who have been regenerated through the redemption of Christ and the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. Let’s shine some light on one of the greatest deceptions that has overcome most of mankind for millennia: 
Chapter 3: The Great Deception 
“E Pluribus Unum,” inscribed on most U.S. coins and bills, literally means “Out of many, one.” This echoes the truth Jesus prayed for, that all His followers would be one in Him, one in God, forming a single spiritual nation. Yet the motto on currency reflects a corrupted shadow of that divine order, uniting many apart from God’s authority and purpose. If you are “one” in this worldly system; both your identity and authority are going to be derived from the system you are one with.
The entire worldly system is a counterfeit kingdom. I often refer to it as the counterfeit kingdumb, as to be dumb is to be confused. Babylon is the land of confusion and Babylon has consumed the entire world. Let’s read an overlooked verse in the Book of Revelation:
Revelation 18:11–13 (KJV)


11 And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more:
 12 The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble,
 13 And cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.
Woah! The merchandise of Babylon is the souls of men? This is not my opinion, this is a biblical fact. The babylonian/wordly system has the souls of men as merchandise. Let that sink in for a moment before I reveal that you are their merchandise because you have become one with the worldly system (E. pluribus unum) and identity as a worldly being, and ultimately a worldly creation. 
Let’s talk about the birth certificate. A lot can be said about this, but we will be brief. The birth certificate is a representation of you. It is not you, but it represents you. It is a creation of the state, the worldly system and because it is a creation of the state, the state fathered it. There is a legal maxim that states “He who creates, controls.” Maxims are self-evident truths of law, if you create something, you have authority over it. So, if the worldly system creates the birth certificate, it has authority over it. Now here is the kicker: If you identity as the birth certificate, or any identity created based on the birth certificate, the creator of the birth certificate can reasonably assume that they have control over you.
The birth certificate is the foundational document for your legal identity. Your legal identity can have various legal implications defined by the state such as your rights and obligations to the state; you have the right to vote, “drive,” and the obligation to pay taxes, etc. The birth certificate can also be used to determine citizenship status (aren’t we citizens of Heaven?)
The birth certificate creates a legal identity that represents you, but it is not you. Because you believe it is, you are imposed with obligations placed upon the legal identity by the creator of the legal identity; He who creates, controls. It’s just like a father-son relationship. You, through confusion, believe you were created by the worldly system (by identifying as a representation of you, created by the worldly system “birth certificate”) and therefore, you are under the authority of the worldly system. But it’s not you under their authority, it’s their creation–you were tricked into thinking that was you! The deception is strong as they had your own mother, immediately after giving birth, sign you up for this worldly system by registering your birth. The babylonian system really has no power; the only power it has is the power given to it. We have given this system way too much power because we have been so confused about who we are, our true identity.
Babylon, the worldly system, has turned people into merchandise; their labor, bodies, and even their souls are treated as commodities to fuel the system with wealth and power. In Revelation 18:4, we are called to “come out of her” and reclaim our true identity, inheritance and authority in Christ. If we stay within the nations of this world, the worldly system will use our legal identity to assign rights, obligations and control over you. Citizenship, taxes, licenses and contracts all anchor you to this babylonian system we are called to come out of. By aligning your identity with these constructs, you become merchandise fueling the system. 
The concept of E Pluribus Unum functions as a counterfeit to the true unity found in Christ. It claims to bring many into one, but this unity exists outside the body of Christ. Consider this: if the world’s populations are united through the deception of the serpent, if E Pluribus Unum is the instrument of that deception, then whose body are we truly in, if not Christ’s? Scripture makes it clear in Revelation that, ultimately, the entire world will be gathered into a single body/nation under the rule of the Antichrist and the Babylonian system. Worldly unity without God is a counterfeit, serving the serpent rather than our Creator. 
Chapter 4: The Mask We Wear (Our false persona/identity)
A police officer walks into his station, grabs his badge, his gun and keys to his patrol car and walks out to begin his patrol shift. If you or I did this we would be arrested. Why? Because we have a different identity than the employed police officer. A man, created by God, puts on a mask, a persona, an image and “becomes” something that he isn’t. He is playing a role, he is a character. The character of a police officer becomes his identity from 9-5 and he has certain authority (can write tickets, pull people over, etc) and inheritance (has access to his gun, patrol car, etc) that is associated with his identity. I don’t have the identity of a police officer, therefore I don’t have that authority nor do I get the temporal inheritance that he partakes in. These masks and personas we put on temporarily change our identity and we become something that we are not. 
These personas are called “legal fictions.” A legal fiction, defined by Black’s Law dictionary means “An assumption or supposition of law that something which is or may be false is true, or that a state of facts exists-which has never really taken place.” In other words, a legal fiction is a lie that is presumed to be true; a legal fiction is a lie. Most people have created legal fictions and identity as legal fictions and are operating false lives and false identities and assume they are true. 

